all of it he's check-in man I'm you hate
look at ya headed to here on me attitude
yeah they got some out of the engine yes
that's what I'm sayin beautiful okay we
have put tomato flew get one of those
savage tans you know then you bald
yeah lady need no freaking tan be bald I
to know he's gonna have to see your ugly
i mean what's worse getting your face
cut again from here Hey
Vinny Maggio Junior
I ain't
all right
many mad
pig from hell porkchop
so anyway I got this chicken before I'm
getting your choice look at the man our
boy over there
it's Benny Maggio Junior
Oh Vinnie Vinnie Vinnie I'm sorry I
burned you that's all right
No
Oh
and now an unprecedented memo from the
Secretary of American pastor we're
trying to amuse yourself don't let Thor
change the channels don't spit fire at
dinner parties don't serve the Turnpike
in a road warrior costume just watch
sports and snack on Doritos Doritos they
taste good and you don't need a
chiropractor